you
grossing half its 13 million dollar
budget during its first week this paul
weitz comedy-drama film was released on
March 22nd 2013 and stars Tina Fey and
Paul Rudd in the lead roles in a story
of redemption adoption and second
chances at life SNL alumni face stars as
a princeton university admissions
officer who finds herself bending the
rules for a gifted student nat wolff
from an alternative high school in new
hampshire all the while she's forced to
deal with her ex-boyfriend Michael Sheen
a budding but woefully underdeveloped
romance with Rudd a ruthless competition
with her workplace rival Gloria Reuben
and her unpredictable mother played by
Lily Tomlin this cast of characters
which also includes the amusingly
adorable Wallace Shawn it's definitely
the 117 minute pictures strongest suit
the delivery of the well written
dialogue will keep you interested and
invested The Situation's at plot twists
however seem contrived unbelievable and
built on coincidence more than necessity
a number of extraneous characters
threads and red herrings make this film
far more bloated and complicated than it
needed to be with a number of setups
resulting in empty or non-existent
payoffs when Fay and her cold hard bitch
exterior begins to venture outside her
comfort zone we see some truly natural
slice of life moments that work
extremely well like when she
unexpectedly begins to fall for Rudd
remarking on her previous hesitation
let's just not think for a while I
wanted to give in the kind of life I
didn't have as a kid I want to get the
opposite of what I had as I kid but now
all of a sudden he's turning into my
mother you know he plays bridge he
listens to light fm he asked for a blue
blazer with gold buttons and anchors on
them for Christmas your mom wear blue
blazes no that was my father how's it
possible what am I doing wrong at least
you're trying I mean there's so many
different kinds of parents there's no
one best way to do it or so I have
gathered with my vast experience reading
personal essays a lengthy scene with a
Princeton team ruthlessly accepts and
rejects hopeful applicants services a
pointed criticism towards the harsh
realities of the college admission
process but curiously the picture still
maintains Wolf's acceptance into
Princeton as a major plot goal the pg-13
dramedy focus is more heavily on child
prodigies and needlessly involved
adoption problems than it ever does on
romance or comedy only occasionally
fleeting with either sprinkle with some
indie rock background music the score
from Steven Trask keeps the mood from
getting
to serious weather rut is helping to
Bertha cow or face having a long overdue
mother-daughter talk with so many
different characters and developments
it's hard to get bored in this picture
but that doesn't necessarily mean it was
well paced or directed a great deal of
this film could have been slimmed down
now romantic enough for a good date
night or really fun enough to be called
a true comedy it's unlikely i'll be
watching this again soon admission
unfocus stories but charming characters
now straight to the rate-o-matic as
apparently not many of you saw this one
a 74 admission some poignant emotional
and touching moment scattered throughout
a haphazard and messily directed film I
thought it was cool
you